Michael Hoefer: Hello.
Michael Hoefer: Second to connect. Okay.
Suzanne malos: How did you
Suzanne malos: Get better
Suzanne malos: Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Did you hear me okay can you see
Suzanne malos: I can see you and hear you. What about you,
Michael Hoefer: Yes yes to both
Suzanne malos: Okay. Hi, I'm Suzanne.
Michael Hoefer: Hi, Suzanne. I'm a mic Hofer I'm a psychiatrist working with bright heart health, but it's nice to meet you today.
Suzanne malos: Nice to meet you too. I've been looking forward to it.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, great.
Michael Hoefer: Well, I'm glad I'm glad we're connecting so
Michael Hoefer: We. So anyway, I'm just like high interest working for bright heart health, and I'm doing intakes into the program.
Michael Hoefer: And we have about 30 or 40 minutes today we'll be talking about your opiate use but also your medical and psychiatric history, and then we'll come up with a plan together after that.
Suzanne malos: Okay. Sounds good.
Michael Hoefer: Great. So if we could start. I just like to hear how you heard about bright heart health.
Suzanne malos: Okay. A friend of mine got in the program. And he know be easier to and told me all about it.
Suzanne malos: And then another girlfriend of mine join to
Michael Hoefer: Oh, great. So you've got some social supports that are also involved in our program.
Michael Hoefer: I do. Excellent. Okay. Well, um, let's start by you telling me what's bringing you into treatment today and how we can be helpful.
Suzanne malos: Let's see. I've been a user not opiate user but user since I was about 11 years old and straight through. Always use something I had about two years clean but started chipping with pills and
Suzanne malos: Other things. And so I did get my drug and alcohol license. When I was clean for a minute. And I just want to quit using drugs to run my life.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Oh.
Suzanne malos: I don't want to die on opiates. It's my, my family doesn't like it.
Suzanne malos: I like it somewhat, but I'm not. I'm more motivated to not use it now.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha, gotcha.
Suzanne malos: Makes sense. I want to be honest, as I can so
Michael Hoefer: Oh yes, I appreciate that. And it's very, it's, it's very common to feel ambivalent about, you know, the use, there are things that you like about the things you really don't like about it and there's
Michael Hoefer: Like important to be
Michael Hoefer: Honest about. Yeah.
Suzanne malos: I have
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I'm
Suzanne malos: Sorry, I have been on Suboxone before. I've been in a program with it and it worked well for me.
Okay.
Suzanne malos: Why didn't it work, it did. I
Michael Hoefer: The audio went away for
Suzanne malos: There we go.
Suzanne malos: Okay, my husband and
Suzanne malos: He had recently died, and after I got in the program and so
Suzanne malos: I don't know, I just, it wasn't enough for me. Does that make sense.
Suzanne malos: Yeah yeah yeah
Michael Hoefer: And that's a that's obviously a huge stressor that can make things hard, especially in early recovery.
Suzanne malos: Yeah.
Suzanne malos: It was hard.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, Liz.
Michael Hoefer: So can you tell me you know when were you. How old were you the first time you ever used an opiate
Suzanne malos: And first time I ever used an opiate I was probably 12 with coding cough syrup, but I'm pills. I never use heroin actual heroin until I was just about six years ago.
Suzanne malos: Okay, seven I tried it a couple times.
Suzanne malos: Never thought nothing of it, and then
Suzanne malos: It was about a year before gave died that I got into it.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Okay. And did you ever and up until six years ago. Did you ever feel like you had an opiate problem, or was it really just in the last six years that you felt like you had an opiate addiction.
Suzanne malos: And it was actually probably in the Ansari my grandson.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, that's okay.
Suzanne malos: Thank you. Okay. Sorry about that, and probably more in the last six years, it was more always speed with me.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha.
Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And, um, you know, right, you know, in the last few days and weeks, are you using opiates daily
Suzanne malos: And actually, I wasn't, I had been awesome and was in withdraw and I went to the hospital and had an abscess. I got poked by tree branch and had surgery.
Suzanne malos: Okay, there
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, they have a pack there. Yeah.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, it's a straw thingy hanging out a drain. He's going to remove it, but all they gave me opiates the whole time I was in there. And then when I got out, I got a few pain pills.
Suzanne malos: And I needed but otherwise.
Suzanne malos: Nothing. I've been really good.
Michael Hoefer: Great. Well,
Michael Hoefer: LAST TIME YOU USED ANY HEROIN
Suzanne malos: That's time I USE ANY HEROIN was when this abscess first started to that was at least
Suzanne malos: 10 days ago.
Suzanne malos: GREAT DAYS AGO MAYBE
Suzanne malos: Three. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And and that's great. And when was. And when you use how parallel. And how do you use it.
Suzanne malos: Normally idea.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
Suzanne malos: I must let
Michael Hoefer: You Muslim. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, you are your veins. How are your veins.
They're
Suzanne malos: Horrible.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and I
Suzanne malos: I mean, I could hit. If I wanted to, I just don't, it's not
Suzanne malos: I'm not one of those. I don't know. I can't explain it and to muscle it's easier for me, I guess, to be honest, because I was doing speed and I wanted to have a vein through speed.
Michael Hoefer: I see.
Michael Hoefer: Guys. Yeah, okay.
Michael Hoefer: I'm appreciating the honesty. This is a real great
Suzanne malos: No problem.
Michael Hoefer: And when you muscle. What do you usually do it in your legs, your arms or
Suzanne malos: Where did my arm and my hip usually yeah
Michael Hoefer: And we talked about apps us a little bit. Do you have any other infections from injection do Pepsi or HIV or anything like that.
Suzanne malos: I was diagnosed with Pepsi when my daughter, my youngest daughter was born, and I didn't have it when my youngest son took 15 months window there after that I'd been tested and it has disappeared.
Michael Hoefer: Oh wow you fought it off.
Suzanne malos: I did fight it out. I have a pretty good immune system when it comes
Suzanne malos: To that, but I don't
Suzanne malos: Think that I'm out of the clear. But yes, I did fight it off.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, excellent.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. And have you had any overdoses on opiates ever where you needed Narcan
Suzanne malos: And never in our cans. But yeah, they've had to walk me and I knew I'd done too much. A few times. Yes.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Okay. And any legal issues from your opiate use
Michael Hoefer: Now, no. Okay, that's good.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, and what kind of problems, you know, generally, would you say opiate uses OB uses caused in your life.
Suzanne malos: And my daughter is been clean since she gave birth to her son, which was 14 years ago off of speed and I live with her and she doesn't want me using knows that I do. And she's been very tolerant, I want to do the right thing.
Suzanne malos: And
Michael Hoefer: Whether it was put strain on relationships.
Michael Hoefer: So yeah, we're really close to you.
Suzanne malos: Oh yeah, and they worry and my brother, does it. My mom has Alzheimer's, my brother doesn't want me to be hanging out unless I'm clean
Suzanne malos: In recovery.
Suzanne malos: So family, more than anything.
Michael Hoefer: Families when the big one. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Um, and has it aside from the abscess. Have you had other physical or psychological effects from your op is
Suzanne malos: I've had quite a few abscesses and
Suzanne malos: It's always I'm pretty open, honest person, but when it comes to my family. It's kind of a dark shameful thing.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, I didn't. I don't know if I'm
Suzanne malos: You know how drugs mask everything I'm depressed a lot
Suzanne malos: I've huge anger issues.
And
Suzanne malos: I get panicked that that was I was diagnosed with that years ago, though. So I don't think that opiate use has caused that
Suzanne malos: That's No, go ahead.
Michael Hoefer: You were diagnosed with panic disorder.
Michael Hoefer: Or yeah, yeah. Okay.
Suzanne malos: I gotta say one thing. My daughter said not too long ago because we were living in a small town. We recently moved to reading, we were living in Crescent City and my daughter said everyone knows you're an IV drug user mom and that hurt me.
Suzanne malos: Um, yeah.
Suzanne malos: It hurt me.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, that's a really hard thing to hear
Suzanne malos: Because it affects them. That is why, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, because of the stigma and yeah
Michael Hoefer: Yeah yeah yeah that's really, that's a really tough one. And, and also sounds like it's, it's something that's motivating for you to want to take
Suzanne malos: A beating. No one asked me to come here. I really want to change.
Suzanne malos: I want to get a job. And I want to just, I don't know. I'm tired of living my life like this all the time. My mom when my mom dies. I'm going to inherit money and
Suzanne malos: I don't want to spend it in my arms.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, you know,
Michael Hoefer: Yeah yeah there's much more
Michael Hoefer: Positive things and things that you can use it on for your family for your grandkids for yourself. There's
Suzanne malos: Right. Yeah. You're right.
Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Okay and I in the past what when you tried to stop.
Michael Hoefer: Opiates before on your own. How, how has it been, and how's it gone
Suzanne malos: I did it once with this box. And like I said that lasted
Suzanne malos: It took me till I stopped in the program to get a clean test so
Suzanne malos: I don't think I ever stopped.
Suzanne malos: It hasn't been. I mean, this time in the last two weeks has been the most since I've come back to reading
Suzanne malos: It's been the most I've had clean time
Suzanne malos: And I've only started out one time and that was when the abscess formed and I went and sought it out.
Suzanne malos: Otherwise, I don't have hookups here or anything. So that's a good thing.
Michael Hoefer: That is good. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Make it inconvenient as possible. Yeah.
Suzanne malos: That's, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: That's a smart approach.
Michael Hoefer: Um, okay. And aside from the Opiates are you using any other substances these days.
Suzanne malos: And I got dead medication. The doctor prescribed me Narcos which are like Tic Tac To me, but
Suzanne malos: I will only he only gave me 12 I'm OK.
Michael Hoefer: OK, how many
Left.
Michael Hoefer: How many Narcos do you have left.
Suzanne malos: Out that I gotta get a headset. I'm sorry.
Michael Hoefer: Oh that's fun. How many of those do you have left.
Suzanne malos: I only have six
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha.
Suzanne malos: And I've been out for a few days. So I didn't. Pretty good.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. So you haven't had any opiates for a few days.
Suzanne malos: Yeah. Well, no, I have six left and I have been out of the hospital since Friday.
Michael Hoefer: Oh god, you
Michael Hoefer: Go for six days you've only taken six and eight.
Michael Hoefer: That is good. Well, so
Suzanne malos: That was pretty good.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And the last one you took was when
Suzanne malos: Last one. I took was, I have a hard time sleeping with yesterday afternoon.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, that's fine. One Norco yesterday afternoon or two.
Suzanne malos: To yeah
Michael Hoefer: Okay, no problem. Um, and then are you using anything else these days, like any meth or cocaine or marijuana or alcohol or anything like that.
Suzanne malos: Math sporadically but not really like I used to use it just, I woke up and used
Suzanne malos: Okay, well, it's been no I haven't been using it.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, great. And is that like once a week or once a month or on average, what would you say
Suzanne malos: Couple times a week.
Michael Hoefer: Couple times
Suzanne malos: Already since this abscess. I haven't been I smoked. I think once a day or two ago. And that's about it.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Okay. Um, and do you have math connections and reading or do you have math still in your house or anything like that.
Suzanne malos: Nope. I don't actually
Suzanne malos: A friend of mine came by and had some and that's how I got some. But no, I don't.
Suzanne malos: Have connections here.
Suzanne malos: I don't even know people here really so
Suzanne malos: Few people
Michael Hoefer: So this is a new start.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, it is.
Suzanne malos: But I know you can drop a drug addict in the middle of the jungle and they'll land in the drug dealers house so
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, this the whole thing of kind of the geographic cure and the, you know, it goes back and forth, but I think it's like the thing of like
Michael Hoefer: You know nothing changes nothing changes. Right. So go to a new place. And then you also do a lot of work on changing other things, and that can be helpful.
Suzanne malos: That
Michael Hoefer: The time it's problematic is if you go to a new place, and don't do anything different, and expect a different response you know outcome. And that's where people, I think, get in trouble.
Suzanne malos: You know, the funny thing is, I have been doing a lot of things different. And I mean there's a lot of old behaviors stick but i know i mean like I said, I became an addiction specialist and
Suzanne malos: Almost. You know how they say you get too smart for the program. I don't think I'm too smart for it, but I know that it's me. That has to do it, isn't it, no one else can do it for me.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, so you get your did you do like the Kodak or the addiction counselor degree or. Wouldn't you do
Suzanne malos: I did the addiction count addiction specialist one certificate and took me two years in
Suzanne malos: And community college
Suzanne malos: And got my MBA and then yeah I signed up with a deck.
Michael Hoefer: That's cool.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, I'm excited about it. So you
Michael Hoefer: Know, just talking to you. You have you have a lot of wisdom and knowledge and know a lot of this stuff. So that's really good.
Suzanne malos: Thank you. It didn't keep me clean. No, I'm hoping something else. Well, I think my motivation. Well,
Suzanne malos: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: I'm did you actually as an addiction counselor for a while. I mean, did you
Suzanne malos: I did.
Suzanne malos: I did and it depress me so I didn't get a wait to go back to that field that
Suzanne malos: Really, I think it's
Suzanne malos: I don't know. Hearing people's stories makes I. The reason I get it was i'll tell you why I did it because since I was a little girl, people have been telling me their secrets.
Suzanne malos: And I just thought it would be a good thing for me and
Suzanne malos: You know it hasn't been the best, but that doesn't mean it will change. I have aspirations to do something with children so
Michael Hoefer: So,
Suzanne malos: Hopefully. Maybe that'll be different. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, great. Um, any alcohol use, or benzodiazepine use
Suzanne malos: I take Xanax, usually on a regular basis, but I haven't had a regular doctor and that's not. I mean, I don't take them every day but I take them if I need them every day, cuz I have bad panic attacks and then I take them one at night, usually
Michael Hoefer: And no alcohol. So, have you had any of that.
Suzanne malos: I have actually the doctor in the hospital. They checked on my all my records and gave me some dynamics. So
Yes, I
Suzanne malos: Yeah, I have a couple. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. All right.
Suzanne malos: I'm in no alcohol my
Suzanne malos: Parents, I just
Suzanne malos: Don't do alcohol, maybe once a year. I'll have a glass of wine or something.
Michael Hoefer: You're experienced them was with them was enough to avoid alcohol.
Suzanne malos: Yeah. Yeah, they were functioning alcoholics that they fought a lot. It was just, I don't like alcohol.
Suzanne malos: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: I gotcha. Not for me now us tobacco.
Michael Hoefer: Do you smoke and bad though I know
Michael Hoefer: Okay, how much would you say
Suzanne malos: I'd gone down. It was about a pack a day, and I've gone down to maybe a half to three quarters. Okay.
Suzanne malos: Gotcha. My daughter makes me smoke outside and everything else. So
Suzanne malos: I'm thinking about buying one of those
Suzanne malos: E cigarettes. I like them. So it's cheaper. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it's cheaper and it's and it's like we don't have all the data yet. But it's likely. I'm very likely healthier than
Michael Hoefer: writing something on fire. And then, so yeah.
Suzanne malos: I think so, too, and no tobacco. So that's good. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, you can do the ones that are just flavored with no you know nicotine or you can decrease. You can change the levels of nicotine, just depending on how you want to do it, you know.
Michael Hoefer: So you can connect
Michael Hoefer: With that was helping play with that like that. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, great.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, that's, that's what I'm hoping.
Michael Hoefer: Great. Go ahead. Um, okay, so you know history. Have you seen. Have you ever seen a psychiatrist in the past.
Suzanne malos: Or accounts.
Yeah.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, I saw one as a kid I licensed psychologist named Mallory Lynch and Alan Oregon saw him for a couple years. And then on and off. I've been to mental health and referred to mental health.
Poker.
Suzanne malos: saw Dr chauffeur and Crescent City, California for a little while and then just recently when I was on the Suboxone program. But Dr they're referred me to a psychiatrist, so
Michael Hoefer: And it's and the things that you mentioned earlier where, you know, depression, anxiety, panic where those the main things you you have been working on.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, my thinking is a little off too. But I don't know how much
Suzanne malos: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: What do you mean, if you
Suzanne malos: Sometimes I can be paranoid. I guess people would say,
Suzanne malos: I think people are sometimes I don't know.
Suzanne malos: They're together in on things. Does that make sense.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah yeah
Michael Hoefer: Like people are hiring against you or is it mostly like planning to do or watching you without you knowing or what, what do you think
Suzanne malos: I'll tell you what I think I when I was 2122 23 my kids were very young and I ran from a cult down a mountain. And I think I got met to do psychosis at that time.
Suzanne malos: And it was scary. And I don't know. It's been almost 25 years now. I mean I it affected me
Michael Hoefer: Sure bad
Suzanne malos: Yeah, that's me. Yeah, I've gotten better through the years, but it did affect me bad
Suzanne malos: Yeah, it was scared.
Michael Hoefer: That's, yeah, they're fine and did so with that experience do you have like a. Do you have a history of trauma like either as a child or a young person of physical abuse or sexual abuse or things like that.
Michael Hoefer: Or emotional abuse. Okay.
Suzanne malos: Well, man. Man, my parents thought that they were great parents, they love me. I grew up grade I had everything. No, it was that experience with the first thing I ever knew about anything evil, I guess.
Michael Hoefer: And how long were you with that you said cold. How long were you with that for
Suzanne malos: I wasn't with them at all. They tried to kidnap my kids didn't take me. I was up at a fourth of july event that someone had invited me to
Michael Hoefer: So, um,
Suzanne malos: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it was.
Michael Hoefer: Up so you got out of there with your children.
Michael Hoefer: You escaped. I got out of there with my
Suzanne malos: Children. Gotcha. Yes, I did. I wound up. They didn't take my kids and put them in CPS. I mean, it's a long story, but they did put me in the psych ward for the weekend and
Suzanne malos: gave my kids, my mom. And then I got him back. But yeah, it was, you know, people thought I was crazy for a long time until it happened to someone else. So
Suzanne malos: We can
Michael Hoefer: Talk about that sometime
Michael Hoefer: Oh yeah, sure.
Michael Hoefer: And do so in patients.
Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: So you mentioned inpatient psychiatric
Michael Hoefer: You said you were in the inpatient psych I would that time. Any other times in your life or just the ones
Michael Hoefer: Just the ones. Okay. And have you ever had a suicide attempt to before.
Suzanne malos: And I say yes. Okay.
Suzanne malos: I get way too many kills. Okay. This was about a year ago.
Suzanne malos: And I just took a bunch of pills and
Michael Hoefer: Go ahead and do you think that you were trying to end your life or was it more like I don't really care what happens, I just
Michael Hoefer: I'm just gonna take all of these
Suzanne malos: I was in a panic disorder. Right. Then I was having panic attack. I was freaking out and I didn't care. I was depressed and I just said. I mean, you're gonna live or die and I took him. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Um,
Michael Hoefer: And have
Suzanne malos: The only time I thought about it. Pardon.
Michael Hoefer: Oh no, go for it. Please.
Michael Hoefer: Please continue. I was
Suzanne malos: Just gonna say I've had the thoughts of crossed my mind and but I don't have a plan. I'd haven't acted. You know what you're really on. It's not something I do. But I thought, you know, I just want to step out in front of a semi
And
Suzanne malos: Yeah, I get depressed sometimes
Michael Hoefer: Sure, yeah.
Suzanne malos: You know, that's about the suicide. I know.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Well, no, that's that's helpful for us to know and I think it'll be certainly something we can monitor and also, you know, our first
Michael Hoefer: Step will be trying to get a new start on Suboxone and get you stabilize there but you know after we do that, we also can start to look at, you know, your mood and your anxiety and making sure those things are addressed as well.
Michael Hoefer: So,
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah. Um, any history of kind of jail or prison or extensive legal issues.
Suzanne malos: And I was locked up a lot as a juvenile um
Suzanne malos: Well, not a lot. They made me a legal adult 15 but from probably 11 to
Suzanne malos: 15 I was locked up a lot. Then, and I've done like not a lot of adults y'all time maybe at the most 60 days.
Suzanne malos: Okay, gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And any correlation or people in my life.
Michael Hoefer: No.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, no. Okay, no.
Suzanne malos: I bench probation for a
Suzanne malos: Syringe
Suzanne malos: And a dragon has been suspended. That's it.
Michael Hoefer: And with the paranoia. Do you find it all that it doesn't seem related to the meth use at all. Like if you use math, will it get more if you stop using will get better. Does it do they are those things associated at all.
Suzanne malos: When I was younger, but not now, now, now I can kind of sit back and separate what's real and what's not.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, kinda.
Suzanne malos: Gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And, you know, yeah, I know.
Michael Hoefer: It won't be like the math makes it whether you're better
Michael Hoefer: Than
Suzanne malos: No, that's
Michael Hoefer: A good one. It work whether or not
Suzanne malos: Oh no, to same whether I'm using or not.
Suzanne malos: It just
Suzanne malos: depends on the circumstance one
Michael Hoefer: I saw had
Michael Hoefer: Like if you feel safe or
Michael Hoefer: Absolutely trusted
Suzanne malos: Correct. And I think also, I can't say that because you know what I use every day.
Suzanne malos: Up until recently. So, you know, it could I, but I still have it since I haven't been using. So, and I still had it that two years, but I had clean
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, so the math sub there is something I don't know if you have it. There is something called like, you know, chronic map psychosis, you know, and that can
Michael Hoefer: So that can last part, you know, months to a long time after stopping or it can be kind of permanent but usually
Michael Hoefer: It's helpful to know like you know if periods that even if it doesn't go away like periods where you're using a lot of math versus periods where you're not using math. Does it change the intensity of it, you know.
Michael Hoefer: That's something that's useful to kind of track.
Suzanne malos: Maybe the intensity
Suzanne malos: Okay, not necessarily situation, but the intensity maybe yes
Michael Hoefer: Okay, good. Okay. Um, and then we talked a little bit about the medication Xanax earlier. Do you have a history of any other psychiatric meds. You've been prescribed, especially ones that you feel are helpful.
Suzanne malos: Abilify didn't do it was helpful. Um, let's see here.
Suzanne malos: There's been semi forgotten the name of one started with an S not Cymbalta. It's a little stronger.
Suzanne malos: And
Suzanne malos: Circling
Suzanne malos: Not Seroquel. Say that again.
Circling
Suzanne malos: No, no, I'm
Suzanne malos: I think Paxil
Suzanne malos: What's the L one not LeBron um
Suzanne malos: I forget the name of that to um
Suzanne malos: Let's see, what else there's been
Suzanne malos: Good. I wish I could I have it written down somewhere. I'll find them.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, cool.
Suzanne malos: I can't think right now I'm
Suzanne malos: Lots of different you know what they never tried me on now.
Michael Hoefer: Well, it's Prozac. Oh.
Suzanne malos: Ever
Suzanne malos: Which I thought was strange. No, um,
Michael Hoefer: Has anybody ever diagnosed bipolar.
Or schizophrenia.
Suzanne malos: Back then it was manic depressive
Michael Hoefer: Okay, people
Michael Hoefer: people diagnosed with that I've been told.
Suzanne malos: I have extreme highs and extreme lows and I know this. I'm shoplifting. It's a bad thing with me i if i Maliki I didn't did shoplift
Michael Hoefer: Okay, yeah, that that's that can get in trouble.
Suzanne malos: We didn't know about a person
Michael Hoefer: Periods to where you can go you know days without sleep and not have it be a problem and that would probably be most useful when you work using math like
Michael Hoefer: You know periods. We aren't using math and you can
Michael Hoefer: Go to sleep and you feel like you have lots of energy and you feel like
Suzanne malos: You can all that's when I'm usually manatee. Yeah, that's when I'm usually wanting to gamble or wanting to go steal
Suzanne malos: Things like that. Okay. And then if I'm depressed. I'm in bed. The thing about my depression is though I have a hard time sleeping, no matter what.
Michael Hoefer: So whether you're manic your depression. Your leap.
Michael Hoefer: Is a big issue for you.
Suzanne malos: I, yeah, I just lay in the bed. Instead, or Sam sick, you know, something like that.
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever been prescribed. I hate
Michael Hoefer: Oh,
Michael Hoefer: I'm sorry, I'm almost done to to move on to happier stuff here.
Suzanne malos: I just
Michael Hoefer: Have I
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever been prescribed lithium or Depakote before
Suzanne malos: Neither one I was asked that on my intake. No, no, I haven't.
Suzanne malos: Yeah.
Suzanne malos: In fact, a friend of mine told me that had a bad meth addiction told me that he had been diagnosed with some he had been prescribed lithium. I mean, and he said, It's a miracle drug, you have to try it. This was years ago and I never ever tried it. So it's strange, but yeah.
Michael Hoefer: I have you ever been on
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever been on a La Raza known or latika or Sarah Quill or La Mota gene or any of those medications.
Suzanne malos: Seroquel Sarah. Sarah and
Suzanne malos: There's another one too. I just remembered and they use it for putting smoking now they want. They say they do, it's
Michael Hoefer: Like that. I hate it.
Michael Hoefer: Will be
Suzanne malos: Future and and it's horrible, horrible, horrible, horrible.
Michael Hoefer: It made you like chocolate. Chocolate since like
Suzanne malos: Yeah, through my body like every like 1520 minutes. It's horrible.
Michael Hoefer: Know, geez. Okay.
Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Um, any history of like hearing voices. Other people can't hear or seeing things other people can't see when you're not using math.
Suzanne malos: That I couldn't answer honestly because I missed so much and not yeah maybe that
Suzanne malos: You. Yeah. Because, I mean, it was scary. What went, what happened to me. So I'm always seeing stuff like that. I don't know. It was
Suzanne malos: Yeah, it was a surprise. You know what I mean, he didn't expect it and it just, it was scary. Yeah, I do still see stuff like that are here things. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: I'm switching topics a little bit on any medical issues that you have that we should know about. We talked about the abscess, but any, any other medical issues you have
Suzanne malos: And my eyes are poor. I'm getting my mentors. Okay. And my ears are poor, but otherwise. No, not really.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, do you take any other medications right now, other than the Norco and Xanax or other supplements, we should know but
Suzanne malos: Usually I'm prescribed Gabba Pittman, because I have, I forgot about my shoulder impingement. I have a shoulder impingement in my right shoulder. That makes it can't be fixed with surgery. I was getting like 180 more tabs for him and I stopped that like
Suzanne malos: Eight years ago and didn't do that. And then it hurts me so the Gabba pittances help
Michael Hoefer: And what does he have repented. Do you take
Suzanne malos: Their six or eight their white oblong tablets. I believe they're eight. Maybe they're sick. I'm not sure.
Michael Hoefer: And how many do you take a day when I
Michael Hoefer: Three. Okay, one with each meal, basically.
Suzanne malos: One to two, three, it says my things that one, two to three times a day. And yeah, that morning, noon and night if and that's if I need it. Gotcha.
Suzanne malos: And then I also thought bad
Suzanne malos: Oh, go ahead.
Michael Hoefer: Do you have that
Suzanne malos: I don't, I wish I did. But the doctor gave it to me when I was in the hospital, but I don't have a new doctor yet so I'm stressing out about that too. So
Suzanne malos: Don't
Michael Hoefer: Go ahead.
Suzanne malos: I'm, I'm looking towards my insurance, though.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, great. I'm all right. And any allergies to any medications.
Michael Hoefer: Level Quinn. Okay.
Suzanne malos: What happens and the other
Suzanne malos: My arm blows up like a balloon animal and get the rash.
Oh,
Michael Hoefer: Alright, we will not know love it and then
Suzanne malos: No.
Suzanne malos: No thank you. I do have diagnose
Suzanne malos: chronic migraines. But actually, I haven't gotten. Um, I guess.
Suzanne malos: Maybe once a year now. I used to get them all the time when I was younger. But now I don't get them as often excellent and horrible carpal tunnel.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Um, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And some about just kind of your background. Where were you born and where did you grow up, mostly
Suzanne malos: I was born in Beaverton, Oregon by Portland and I grew up in Medford, I was there 25 years. And after I went down the mountain. And that happened to me. I moved a bit wind up in Crescent City, California, where I stayed for quite a while.
Suzanne malos: And then
Suzanne malos: Came here.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, great. And
Michael Hoefer: We talked about school, you got the the K deck and the addiction counselor. We've talked a little bit about how many kids do you have
Suzanne malos: For
Michael Hoefer: For Wow, okay.
Michael Hoefer: And how are they doing yet two boys.
Suzanne malos: Two girls.
Suzanne malos: Uh, pardon.
Michael Hoefer: Our they doing
Suzanne malos: Due to what they're doing great, actually, my daughter that I live with is just became an assistant manager for the reading Walmart.
Suzanne malos: And my son, my son is in the Army my oldest son. He is kind of a free spirit like me and my youngest daughter, she's hell on wheels, but they're all doing great. Thank you. And I have four grandchildren three boys and one girl.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, exciting.
Michael Hoefer: That's great.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I love them. I hear grandchildren. Other by family.
Suzanne malos: Yes.
Suzanne malos: They are the best.
Michael Hoefer: Um,
Suzanne malos: And what about you or are you married
Michael Hoefer: I am. Yes, I have. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I have a wife and I have a two year old daughter.
Suzanne malos: That's beautiful.
Suzanne malos: That's awesome.
Suzanne malos: There, everything
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it is. It's really
Michael Hoefer: Pretty amazing. I was like, great job with this whole like coven 19 shut down.
Michael Hoefer: And she's
Michael Hoefer: Like, I think she's never been happier because she has more mom and dad and more attention than she's ever had. So she's really
Michael Hoefer: I don't know cord and the
Brain
Suzanne malos: Unless they're unless they're three boys and then they're going that
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Couple more questions for you. One is, are you married, divorced any history of being married
Michael Hoefer: How
Suzanne malos: And
Suzanne malos: Those that me and Dave were together mean Dave were together for I called my husband, but we weren't married we were getting married. And when he died. So, um,
Suzanne malos: No, never been married. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And how long were you in Dave together four
Suzanne malos: And seven almost eight years.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, wow. Okay, gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And as he would, he kind of though.
Michael Hoefer: I don't know the love of your life for the, the major
Michael Hoefer: Relationship that you think of
Suzanne malos: It funny. He never, I never thought I'd ever been with him. I got went up with him when I was working as a counselor and he was a he was a client.
Suzanne malos: Now I leave, I was not his counselor. There was no ethical boundary cross there.
Suzanne malos: And yeah, he turned out to be the love of my life, his strongest man I knew, and all of a sudden, you said
Michael Hoefer: How did he pass away, if you don't mind me asking
Suzanne malos: He got endocarditis. He quit shooting heroin was done was getting get on the right track. His Dad was giving it the house and
Suzanne malos: He got a endocarditis, and then his bow became bacteria filled and it was looking at on to his other organs and
Suzanne malos: It was quick. It was like within 15 days he was good.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, that's a really
Suzanne malos: 45 yeah
Michael Hoefer: absolutely horrified.
Suzanne malos: In the hospital. So it was them.
Suzanne malos: He died in my arms.
Michael Hoefer: That's really sad.
Michael Hoefer: But they wish you had a chance to actually opportunity to care for him and say goodbye.
Suzanne malos: You know, and that's right and i i know that's how he would have wanted to go so
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: That makes it okay. Yeah, yeah. Um, how do you, you know, support yourself or income right now. Do you have SSI or SDI, or do you work at all, or how do you, how do you support yourself.
Suzanne malos: I usually clean houses. I do it on my own. Right now, I'm just to incur my grandkids when my daughters at work and she helps me great
Michael Hoefer: Great. Okay. And then family history anybody in your family ever been diagnosed with depression, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder. Anybody in the family diagnosed with those
Suzanne malos: I'm adopted.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. So
So on the outer
Suzanne malos: Okay, no one in my adopted family now.
Suzanne malos: And my kids know yeah
Michael Hoefer: They're all doing fine that not they've never been to a psychiatric hospital or
Suzanne malos: Anything like that. No, my grandson has been diagnosed with um I think both my grandkids and my son have ADHD.
Michael Hoefer: ADHD and
Suzanne malos: Yeah, and they case, it goes to a special school, he's my grandson for. It's called the Excel Academy and actually it's great for him tailor made, but he has anger issues so
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. Um, alright, well those are the the main questions. I need to ask for the intake. I appreciate you answering them. So, uh, honestly. And also is there anything that I important that I left out, or I missed that you think we should no
Suzanne malos: Not right now. Okay. And I'm sure they've had 10
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Yes. I'm sure that, yeah, we'll have, you know, lots of other opportunities to to talk about things. So, um, so as far as a plan. I mean, I think, you know, it's very clear you have, I guess what we call an opioid use disorder, which is, you know, medical terms for opiate addiction.
Michael Hoefer: It's good to know that you bet on Suboxone in the past and that you found it helpful.
Suzanne malos: And I have
Michael Hoefer: And so I think you'd be a really good candidate to restart it. Um,
Michael Hoefer: What we can do is once we're done talking, I can just put in a electronic prescription to your local pharmacy. You can go pick it up, um,
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Are you having any withdrawal symptoms right now, or how are you feeling
Suzanne malos: And last night I had the legs. I started with the sneezing and, you know, and so I just stayed away from the opiates today because I knew we are appointment. I'd rather train smarter than
Michael Hoefer: That kills graph. So yeah, so you sounds like you already know this. The only thing you know Suboxone is a really
Michael Hoefer: safe and well tolerated medication. The only thing that is somewhat tricky about it is that first dose, you take, you got to make sure you're in, you haven't had any other opiates for a period of time and you're in mild to moderate withdrawal. So when you take a bath you know better.
Suzanne malos: Um, yeah, I don't, I don't want to go into present day withdrawal. I know that so
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Have you ever had that in the past precipitated withdrawal.
Suzanne malos: No. Actually, actually, when I started this boxing program last time I only had six hours off heroin and
Michael Hoefer: And we find it.
Suzanne malos: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Cool. Yeah. So yeah, so to Narcos yesterday should be totally fine to pick up the medication today and start it you know as soon as
Michael Hoefer: You can
Suzanne malos: You recommend is for the
Michael Hoefer: Four hours just take them in four milligram increments. So half a tablet, you know,
Michael Hoefer: Just take it and you can take four milligrams every couple hours till you feel okay and you can take up to 60 milligrams a day okay um
Michael Hoefer: I needed to take much it, you don't need that much take less. It's up to you.
Suzanne malos: That's what I was taking on the program before I was in it for like I think six months.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And that's some and based on this our interview here I can give you a week supply of the medication at 60 milligrams a day.
Michael Hoefer: And then what will happen next is one of our lawyers will call you.
Michael Hoefer: Today, probably tomorrow or the next day and talk to you about getting you involved in our groups and our continuity things and they'll have
Michael Hoefer: The program has groups via this video and also there's drug screens about once a month and then there's other kind of scales and things you fill out and we try to help with the
Michael Hoefer: Suboxone but also teaching kind of coping skills and ways to address other you know co occurring psychiatric issues.
Suzanne malos: Yeah, okay.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, well, do you have any questions about the way Suboxone works or side effects or anything about sounds like you know a lot about the medication.
Suzanne malos: So I do and you know
Michael Hoefer: I know Willie and don't
Michael Hoefer: eat or drink anything about 1015 minutes beforehand or won't get up super well
Suzanne malos: Keep it under your tongue. Don't swallow it. Spit it out.
Michael Hoefer: Yes.
Suzanne malos: Exactly. Okay. Okay.
Suzanne malos: Don't shoot it.
Michael Hoefer: Today, yeah, that will make you
Michael Hoefer: Not happy.
Suzanne malos: I'm just teasing.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. And let me make sure I have the right pharmacy for you.
Okay.
Suzanne malos: What about Gavin Penton. Can you, can I
Suzanne malos: Is it possible, yet no maybe
Michael Hoefer: To give you some Gavin Penton
Suzanne malos: This because of my legs and my leg. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, so I can give you some, um, and it will, it'll be kind of up to the to the other, like the therapists and doctors who will be following you about whether they'll continue and I want you to just get connected with the primary care doctor and ready or psychiatrist who can manage it.
Suzanne malos: Okay, I gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: So let me see here.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, you're, you're absolutely welcome. Can you remind me of, it's not showing up in my computer. Can you remind me of your last name, so I can find the pharmacy.
Suzanne malos: mollis M ae l o s as in SAM.
Michael Hoefer: Susan
Michael Hoefer: September 17 1968 right
Suzanne malos: Okay yeah 1995 it's joking.
There.
Michael Hoefer: Let's see, okay, um, Wal Mart pharmacy.
Michael Hoefer: Dana, Dr.
Suzanne malos: That's right.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, great. Alright, well, I will put in that prescription. Now I'll also put in forget repentant it's. Do you have the the pill bottle or do you have what your, your current prescription is
Suzanne malos: I look today and couldn't find one because that I brought from Crescent City, but I know that it was I'll take any anything, it's fine, but I'm pretty sure it was
Michael Hoefer: 600 600 times a day.
Suzanne malos: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: I'm pretty sure. Alright, so I'll just write for that. And that's about a medium. That's about a moderate to move into a higher dose. So just sounds like you're very familiar with the medication, but just
Michael Hoefer: When you start taking and if you feel
Michael Hoefer: sedated or anything. Just go slow head.
Michael Hoefer: Oh yeah, it definitely made me
Michael Hoefer: Feel when okay
Suzanne malos: Gotcha. And I can get some people
Suzanne malos: Say that, but that's
Suzanne malos: Okay, go ahead, I'm sorry.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, no problem. I can get you. I'll give you a month supply of the gap repenting.
Michael Hoefer: And then I'll give you I can give you a week supply the Suboxone and then
Michael Hoefer: We'll go from there.
Suzanne malos: Okay, and someone will be calling me right. Is that right,
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: That was the next day.
Michael Hoefer: Somebody will call you. I
Suzanne malos: Got it. Okay, I wrote that down. Okay. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right. Thank
Michael Hoefer: You so much nor really by having a
Suzanne malos: Ball, and it's really nice to meet you too. Thank you.
Michael Hoefer: All right, take care of made me
Suzanne malos: Feel better
Michael Hoefer: Oh, great. Okay, bye.